Part 1: Exploratory testing - Booking a stay in a hotel
Here are my 3 scenarios and my findings:

1) Testing a successful booking
● Exploratory target:
Successfully booking a room

● Does the site behave as you would expect?
No, user is unable to create an account. The only working option is "Booking as a guest".
Upon confirmation, no email is sent to the user.
Booking flow should be revamped. User should first create an account and confirm it using a link received by a mail.

Beside, once in the checkout page, the deposit in not taken into account in the total price.
Also the total amount is incorrect, it does not take into account the number of night spent. A $200/night stay with 10 nights returns a $210 total amount.
Finally, the check-in and check -out dates are not saved. I search for a stay from 20 to 31st of May and end up with a stay from 20 to 22nd of May.


2) Booking while missing information signed in
● Exploratory target:
Testing to book a room with missing information

● Does the site behave as you would expect?
Firstname, lastname, adress etc... are not marked as required.
When leaving one of these fields empty, the user gets no error message, no indication.
Upon clicking on the "Confirm booking" button, again, there is no error message being displayed.


3) Booking with incorrect email address
● Exploratory target:
Going through the booking process with an incorrect email address

● Does the site behave as you would expect?
User needs to enter his email address and then confirm it. But if the 2 email address do not match, user cannot proceed to booking (which makes sense).
But again, upon clicking on "Confirm this booking", nothing happens, just like in scenario 2.
No error message, nothing to indicate what is wrong to the user.



● Which area of the website or testing would you explore first and why?
The first area to check would be the cart/checkout page. All information need to be correct and detailed, since it has a real impact on the reliability of the product and the trust it builds with the user.
I'd like to mention that I found many bugs (or bad UX) while searching for an hotel, but I focused my efforts on actually booking a room.